Add more details to anytrust node running docs (#2137)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/node-running/how-tos/running-an-orbit-node.mdx

--node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.enable
```

And, you need to set the following flag to specify the DAS REST endpoints, there 2 optional methods:

> 1. Set urls directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set URLs directly:
```

```shell

> --node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.urls=<A list of DAS REST endpoints, can be only 1 url>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.urls=<A list of DAS REST endpoints, can be only one URL>
```

```

> 2. Or set a url that returns a list of the DAS REST endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Or set a URL that returns a list of the DAS REST endpoints:
```

```shell
--node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.online-url-list=<A url that returns a list of the DAS REST endpoints>
```

> For how to get the url of the DAS REST endpoints, please contact chain owners to get. If you are a chain owner, please refer to the [DAC setup guide](/run-arbitrum-node/data-availability-committees/01-get-started.mdx#if-you-are-a-chain-owner) to set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact the chain owners to get the URL of the DAS REST endpoints. If you are a chain owner, please refer to the [DAC setup guide](/run-arbitrum-node/data-availability-committees/01-get-started.mdx#if-you-are-a-chain-owner) to set it up.
```

> (Batch posters only) In order for your batch posters to post data to DAS, you need to follow [step 3 of config das](arbitrum-docs/run-arbitrum-node/data-availability-committees/04-configure-dac.mdx#Step-3:-Craft-the-new-configuration-for-the-batch-poster) to your node config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Batch posters only) For your batch posters to post data to the DAS, you need to follow [step 3 of config das](arbitrum-docs/run-arbitrum-node/data-availability-committees/04-configure-dac.mdx#Step-3:-Craft-the-new-configuration-for-the-batch-poster) to your node config.
```
